Hey, get up!
Let's go.
Who is it?
Don't you ever come out again,
you bastard!
Fighting with your wife again?
I didn't come home and sleep last night.
You're out of line, then.
You think that was my intention?
My girlfriend didn't let me leave her.
She threatened to kill herself.
Her life was at stake.
How could I leave?
Since you're already married,
you shouldn't have a girlfriend.
We Italians are a nation of lovers.
We can't get through the day
without talking about love.
All you Chinese know is work.
You wouldn't understand!
It's not that we don't understand.
It's just that we're selective about love.
We've got to go to work.
What's your deal?
If 1 go out now,
my wife will bash me to death.
Then move over and let us out.
If you go out, she will
bash you to death as well.
We'll go down from the balcony.
You keep hiding.
Aren't you afraid of the spaniard below?
What's to be afraid of?
I'll go first.
I'm going down first.
Are you alright?
Don't you Chinese kids
know how to use the stairs?
The Italians are having a war
in the stairway.
Hey, let's go.
- Hey man, didn't you signal that the coast was clear?
- I signalled not to come down.
You should have used your mouth.
- I did...
- What did you say then?
I said "ahh...",
but then you jumped down.
Good morning. May I ask how
to get to harbour street?
Harbour street, right?
- How do you get to harbour street?
- Why?
Harbour street, right? Go straight,
then turn and keep going straight.
If you see the malaga
watercourse, then...
Then what?
Then you're lost.
Because you've then
missed bilbao street.
What should I do
when I see bilbao street?
Then turn left,
and you will see a fountain.
Make sure to notice
if the fountain's working.
So what if it works?
Then keep going straight,
and you'll see harbour street.
What's the difference
if the fountain's not working?
That means the city
has closed the street for repairs.
Then you'll have to find
another way from the back side.
Now I understand. Thank you.
- Hi...
Sorry, sorry!
I really didn't mean it, officer.
I was washing the Van.
He didn't do it on purpose, officer.
Let me clean it up for you.
Sorry about that.
We apologise, officer.
You are not allowed to
wash your Van here again!
Do you understand? Get lost!
We won't do it again.
Good morning.
Good morning, did you chase
a thief through a chimney?
No...
Then why is your face so black?
Those Chinese kids!
Private detective Matt.
Don't move!
Boss...
What the hell are you doing?
Oh, I'm just exercising.
Why didn't you have the light fixed?
Nothing wrong with the light.
It's the power that's been cut off.
When the power company receives more
than they should, they never refund it.
It doesn't seem to work
the other way around.
There's nobody like me. Three months
without payment, and I'm still here...
What do you mean by that?
If 1 didn't hire you,
do you think you could get a job here,
with your qualifications?
What rights would you
have for staying in Spain?
Right, but without a salary, I couldn't
pay the bill for you even if I wanted to.
Now that's more like it.
Anybody looking for me?
People from the phone company
have been here.
The phone company
wouldn't hire me for any business?
Right you are.
They came to take the phone away.
No wonder it's so quiet here.
A bald guy named Alfonso
also dropped by here.
- Alone?
- Accompanied by two muscular guys.
What did he want?
He said you're late with the
10,000 pesetas gambling money.
Right, that's a coded
message between us.
That means there is
development in the case.
He also asked when
you'd be back.
Next time he comes, tell him
I'm out of town for another case.
That's another coded message meaning...
- You can tell him yourself.
- Why?
He said he will back at 12 o'clock.
Which is about now.
What?
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
Why so nervous?
Is this another coded message?
That's right,
it's a matter of life and death.
It means my life's in danger.
I have to find a place to hide.
From now on you're the
acting chairman of this agency.
Whenever I'm not here,
you're in charge.
That means a promotion.
What about my raise?
Guess there's no hope there...
Acting chairman...
In other words, a real chairman.
I'd better put a tie on.
Please have a seat.
Before you tell me why you're here...
Let me tell you my work principle.
I don't take on assassination cases.
And no cases that involve
stealing and cheating...
Because I don't have the guts.
Now, tell me how can I help you.
- I want to hire you to find someone.
- Searching for someone? Haven't tried before...
You haven't?
Haven't tried an unsuccessful search.
I didn't realise you are...
Chinese, a descendant
of the dragon!
Then there's no need to
waste more time.
I want you to find a woman
named Gloria and her children.
A boy and a girl?
No, I meant only one child.
A boy or a girl then?
That you will have to find out.
This is Gloria's information.
The details are hazy, and
this picture was taken 22 years ago.
It's really not that easy
to search then.
If it was an easy job,
I would have done it myself.
If you take this case, I still have
two conditions for you to adhere to.
I got a condition too.
But tell me yours first.
Firstly, you must keep a low profile
in regard to this case.
Secondly, you must finish the job
and hand the persons to me within 14 days.
This is the deposit.
After the job's done,
you'll get 20,000 us dollars.
Now tell me your conditions.
My condition is that
I accept all your conditions.
Great! Whenever there's any progress,
call me on this number.
Want to test me?
What are you doing?
This way of preserving data
is better than lamination.
Then I'm awaiting your good news.
Let's get the business
up and running first.
Hey, go and take
the orders already.
- Hey Chinese guy, a glass of coke!
- Okay...
- What would you like?
- Coffee, with milk.
A coffee with milk
coming right away.
- Anything to eat?
- No!
- What would you like to eat, sir?
- One glass 22 and one box 16.
Coming right away.
You want something
to drink, Picasso junior?
A coke.
These are the orders.
Okay.
A "happy youth"
and a "date in the flower garden".
"Thousand miles of yellow sand".
Better reduce the portion...
A pair of nunchakus,
grasp it tight!
This is yours.
- This is yours, lady boss.
- Thank you.
What the hell is going on?
It's so polluted.
How can we eat here?
- Let's go.
- Don't eat, let's go.
How can I run my
business when it's like this?
Can you go somewhere else?
What's that?
Did I step on your tail?
How can I run my business
when you're here?
Why don't you go
somewhere else, kid?
Well?
Let's race one round this square
and see who's the fastest.
The loser picks up the tab for today.
Sure.
I'll be the referee.
Ready, go!
Faster!
Get away!
We're counting on you.
Where did all the customers go?
With these devils around,
even the flies fly away.
I'll tell them to leave.
Save your breath,
I've tried that already.
Pack up the stuff
and move the Van.
Why?
We'll play Robin hood.
Faster!
My mother told me
I could do anything...
Besides fighting.
Didn't she tell you
not to make trouble here?
Yes, she did!
But I forgot about that...
Now I'm going home.
I won't beat you. I'm leaving.
Get back to work.
Good morning.
Please show me your passport.
It's okay.
- Bye.
When do you think uncle chen
will be discharged from the hospital?
You think it's as simple
as recovering from a flesh wound?
He's mentally ill,
so it's hard to say.
Damn, a flat tyre.
No worry, I've got a spare tyre.
I'm not worried,
I just said "damn".
Then you shouldn't
have said it like that.
What should I have said then?
You should have said:
"Ha! Ha! A flat tyre!"
You're crazy! A normal person
wouldn't say such thing.
Ha! Ha! A flat tyre!
You're right.
Normal people wouldn't say that.
Change the tyre.
Have you got a magnet?
No, what do you
want a magnet for?
I want to tie a string
to the magnet.
Why would you want to do that?
I can then lower it into the gutter.
Are you okay?
Yes.
Then why would you lower
a magnet into the gutter?
So I can retrieve the nuts.
What do you need the nuts for?
You mean those wheel nuts?
You're quite smart...
How can we retrieve them then...
Unless we have a magnet?
I told you so!
Guess there's no other way.
I'm amazed that a pair of dimwits
can survive in this world.
Look who's talking.
My brain's an older one,
but it's still better than yours.
So what then?
Take one nut off each
of the other tyres.
Then you got three nuts.
Then use them to hold the tyre temporarily,
and drive slowly till you get downtown.
That's right.
You're so smart, pal.
Why are you here?
You must be crazy.
I'm here because I'm mentally ill...
Not because I'm stupid.
Mental illness and stupidity
are two different issues.
Do you understand,
you stupid pig?
I'm not wasting my time with you guys,
or you might outsmart me.
I'll go to another beach to play.
Let's fix this.
- What do you think he's doing?
- How do I know?
- Ask him...
- Better not...
No worries, let me ask.
Hey pal, what are you doing?
I'm a clock. I'm counting time.
- So what's the time?
- It's half past two.
That can't be right...
It's quarter to three now.
Oops... I'm running behind.
What's your dad doing?
Fishing.
Dad, we've come to see you.
Speaking so loud...
You scare all my fish away.
How are you, uncle chen.
Are you bored?
The whole world's boring.
Found a girlfriend for David yet?
There aren't that many
Chinese girls in Spain.
Spanish girls are also fine.
Love transcends nationality.
Your dad's personality has changed.
I'm a little worried.
That's so funny! Hahaha!
What's he doing, uncle chen?
Telling himself a joke.
That's the conclusion...
Isn't that funny?
Why isn't he laughing now?
- He's heard that joke many times before.
- He thinks he's Columbo...
Fishing, uncle chen?
Catch some for me if there are any.
I'm a nut... but there's no reason
for you to be a nut as well.
How can one catch a fish
from this bucket?
Your father seems to be
getting better.
The clock's ringing...
It's time for the date.
I don't mind if you come with me.
Your dad is in such a rush.
Who's he meeting?
Beats me.
No wonder "love transcends nationality".
No wonder the doctor says
he's getting better.
- Where's your mum?
- She's putting on makeup.
She sent me to tell you,
so you won't be impatient.
No worries, I won't be impatient
when waiting for her.
Tell her not to rush her makeup.
I know what you're
thinking about.
I know what you guess
I'm thinking.
But I'm definitely
not thinking about "that".
I'm not thinking that you
are thinking about "that".
I know what you are thinking about,
because I'm thinking about that myself.
Since we are both thinking about it,
then we should agree on it.
Right, which means we should
both forget about it.
So pretty...
But she belongs to my dad.
Let's not then.
We'll be on our way, uncle chen.
We'll come and visit
you next week, dad.
Don't leave yet. I haven't
introduced my friend to you yet.
That's not necessary, is it?
She's here.
- Gloria...
- Zhong guang...
You're really pretty today.
Do you know how much
I've missed you?
I know what you're thinking.
Likewise.
We're thinking about
the same thing.
Make a move then.
I've got to run.
Goodbye, mum and uncle.
- Tell your dad we're leaving.
- Okay.
- Dad, we've got to go.
- That's right, uncle chen...
Don't leave.
Let me introduce you to Gloria.
This is my son David,
and that is his friend...
Ee et
you can leave now.
Keep the world turning!
Let's go.
She's waiting for a cab.
That means we got an opportunity.
You go and tell her
that we're going downtown,
and that cabs are too expensive,
so we can give her a ride.
What if she likes taking cabs?
Who would say such things?
Why don't you go tell her?
I'll drive the Van here.
You do the talking,
I'll get the Van. Go!
Hey, miss...
The cab's here...
Bye, bye.
She turned you down?
No, I didn't say anything.
You're hopeless.
The result might have been
the same even if I talked.
How could it be?
You had zero chance
because you didn't talk.
You would at least have
50% chance if you had.
Elegant, generous and friendly.
She may be a Princess.
Why would a Princess
have a crazy mother?
Maybe she was victimized
by a bad guy.
That's a possibility. Get in!
2,000 pesetas?
Even your mother's more worth than that.
Hey, don't be so rude.
Give me a better deal.
How about 4,000?
Okay.
Thomas, two coffees, please.
Let's wait until afterwards.
I doubt we'll be that long.
Get them to settle their accounts
when you deliver the food.
How much do I
owe you guys, Thomas?
Jennifer, right?
1,250 pesetas.
Here's 1,300.
Keep the 50 as tips.
Thank you.
Can I have a free spring roll?
How generous.
The spring roll actually costs 70 pesetas!
Are you new here?
What's your price, miss?
15,000.
How about 3,000?
Save that for your pension.
- 3,000.
- How about 2,000?
Move on.
Hi.
Hey, I saw the Princess.
You're kidding!
Why would the Princess
come to a place like this?
I couldn't believe it either.
Go take a look yourself.
15,000 pesetas.
That's s100 American,
not that expensive. Let's go.
Hey, she actually went with him.
Yeah, so what?
It's not like we're going with him.
Why so nervous?
Oh, so you two want to "go"? You've
treated me to many free meals already...
Let me treat you to a
full meal tonight then...
No need, we are okay. Thank you.
I thought she was elegant and generous,
but turns out she's the same...
It's not the same...
At least she's more expensive.
She may be in need of money.
How much cash do you have?
- Why?
- Give it to me.
Only about 20,000.
Even a one night stand
is not worth that much.
No, I want to give her the money
and tell her to go home.
So she'll get a night off then.
What about tomorrow?
Hey bro, there are too many
ladies along this street.
Every one of them is pitiful.
Can we help them all?
If each one got a spring roll for free,
we would get bankrupt.
Let's work.
You stole my wallet?
Don't run!
Did you see a girl running through here?
- What does she look like?
- Dressed in red. Tall, thin and with long hair.
So obvious! Even a tiger has to watch
his own wallet in a place like this.
What's wrong?
I think I've got a fever.
Might be caused by the afternoon heat...
What do you want to do?
I want to go home and rest.
Take this last order,
and then let's go home.
Thomas, have you seen
a tall and skinny girl like this?
Tall and skinny like this?
Right.
There are many over there.
Be serious.
No.
- What now then?
- I'll search for you elsewhere.
Didn't realise the Princess is a
pickpocket as well as a hooker.
Maybe that guy lost his wallet
elsewhere and was mistaken.
We shouldn't condemn
until we have the facts.
We're home.
You think I don't know?
I wasn't talking to you.
- Miss...
- Hi.
You're quite something, playing tricks
on me. So much for "not feeling well".
I was afraid you would be mad at me.
Let's all get out of the Van.
This seems to be
the end of your ride, miss.
I didn't say I'd be leaving...
Why don't you go
upstairs and have a seat?
Are you grabbing my hand
to signal that she's not welcome?
No, I grabbed the wrong hand.
Our home is just up there.
Welcome to our place, miss.
Thanks.
Mr. star lover seems
to be home as well...
Hi, have you seen fatso around?
I haven't.
Has someone close and dear
just passed away?
No...
Then why are you dressed for a funeral?
Hey, long time no see.
It's you, Moby!
Come and have a drink.
I can't get drunk today.
Have you seen fatso around?
Just got here myself.
You got some important business with him?
You're great. Knowing I have
important business with him...
I'm now the assistant chairman
of Matt's agency.
But don't tell anyone.
What sort of person do you think I am?
Damn you,
drink this one up as punishment!
I can't get drunk today.
See you later.
Moby, it's been a long time.
Have a drink.
Only a drink.
Fine, just one drink.
- Come, sit.
- I'll have another as well.
Have you seen fatso?
No, what do you want him for?
Can I trust you guys?
Haven't we known
each other for years?
Then don't speak.
We keep so many secrets to ourselves,
so one secret less to keep is no problem.
Okay, listen up.
You must not tell anybody about this.
I'm now...
The assistant chairman of Matt's agency.
I want to talk to fatso
about something important.
That calls for a celebratory drink.
Thanks.
Cheers!
Moby's been promoted!
I really can't get drunk today.
See you later.
I'll go and find fatso.
Congratulations
on your promotion, Moby.
- Cheers.
- Cheers!
Keep my little secret to yourselves.
Hello.
Darling, this is Moby.
A little kiss? Okay.
No... how can I forget you?
I've been busy.
I'm not lying to you.
Okay, that's alright.
She's probably a pig...
And still pretending...
Tonight? Tonight's no good.
Alright, another kiss?
Okay, a kiss... listen now.
Am I speaking loud enough?
Just a minute.
Hey...
It's your wife.
Please.
Bastard! Let's see if you can still fool
around after I'm finished with you!
Come out now!
I'll shoot you dead!
Susanna, calm down.
That bastard's got lipstick
on his underpants.
I'm innocent.
Take a closer look.
These are ladies' panties, not mine.
Why are you wearing them?
I put them on by mistake.
I'll shoot him dead!
Shoot him dead!
This is our door!
Don't stand in my way!
Point the rifle at your door,
and we won't stand in your way!
Let go!
Why are you holding onto me?
Listen, you're upset because
you don't want to lose him.
If you kill him,
then you won't have anything left.
He might have had a one night stand,
but ultimately he'll be by your side.
If you really killed him, you'd
never find another one like him.
Yes, I love him!
Go get your husband back.
Dino, dino!
Why don't you answer me?
Don't you know how much I love you?
I do too...
Do you remember the first time we met
at the leaning tower of pisa?
Love at first sight...
Really?
You're my whole life.
Without you,
I have nothing left.
Dino, dino...
You bastard!
I'll kill you!
Nowhere for you to run! Bastard!
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have barged in.
Oh, a short visit is no problem.
I'm not planning on
leaving tonight.
What?
You have any objections?
No, as long as she's not afraid.
Why should I be
afraid of you guys?
Right...
What could she be afraid of?
Afraid of you sleepwalking.
Fatso?
Fatso. What happened?
Were you robbed?
Luckily I came too late...
I can't move you...
What happened?
Alright, no need to tell.
It's none of my business anyway.
I need some information from you.
Be honest to me.
18 years ago, when you were
Mr. pimp on flower street.
Did you know anyone
by the name Gloria?
She might have been pregnant
or just had a baby then.
What?
The ones that beat you up...
Were they also asking for Gloria?
Did you tell them?
Not...
That's better.
Not telling them... would
mean I'm dead already.
It means you know
where Gloria is.
No... I do now... in the past...
Hey pal, stop stammering
so much when you're talking.
Where did Gloria live?
62 Thanksgiving street.
Aren't you afraid she might do this...”
We can hide our money.
If she really did try to steal
and couldn't find the money anywhere,
then she'll know we've taken precautions.
That might hurt her self-esteem.
You're right.
Let's remove most of the money
from our wallets and just leave a little.
Even if she did steal it, it's a low price to pay.
We get to know her real face, and that's worth it.
Four-eyes, you're really thinking smart.
You gave her your shirt?
Yes.
It looks better on her.
Are you talking about me?
Pretty...
Didn't sound like you just
said one word.
Pretty, pretty, pretty...
Where am I going to sleep?
Have you decided yet?
You'll sleep in...
In the living room.
Okay, thanks. My name's Sylvia.
I'm David.
I'm Thomas.
Good night.
I don't want to sleep yet.
Why don't you two go first?
I want to watch TV.
Let me turn it on for you.
Thank you.
I'm going to bed.
The cushion can give you neck pain,
so I brought you a pillow.
Thank you.
Can I get you a glass of water?
Okay.
It's cold in the night.
Better to have a blanket.
- Thank you.
- My pleasure.
Water is no good.
I'll get you a cup of milk.
Sounds good.
- Here you are.
- Thank you.
Let's not waste time.
Let's make it clear.
Who wants to sleep with me first?
It makes no difference to me.
Do a solo!
- Good morning.
Did everything go well last night?
Yes, why wouldn't it?
That's good.
Have you seen my car?
No.
Hey, wifey!
My car has been stolen!
Wifey! My car has been stolen!
I'm going to report it to the cops!
Has the Princess left already?
Don't judge people
by their appearance.
Harmful acts should be discouraged,
but prudence is a virtue.
Have some faith in mankind.
My money's gone.
See, it's a typical experience.
I knew that girl would
steal our money.
Hiding your money in the drawer
is like leaving it in an unlocked atm.
I was smart, I put mine in one of my shoes.
Takes more time to go through.
Damn, my money is gone too.
That seems more fair.
I told you not to let
her stay over night.
That's the first time
I hear you say it.
She's really something!
Managed to grab all our money!
Don't accuse her like that.
She didn't grab it all, did she?
I sure hope I run into her.
Likewise.
What would you do?
Ask her if she needs more.
Are you kidding me?
Do you know how to drive?
Do you have a licence?
I'm sorry, sir. It's my fault.
I'll pay for the damages.
That goes without saying.
Look at this. Even if I fixed it,
it wouldn't regain its beauty.
Please forgive me, sir.
Don't get upset.
Luckily you bumped onto
a reasonable guy like me.
But the way you drive
is quite dangerous.
My brother always
tells me not to drive a car.
He says I'm like in an unconscious mode.
And here I am crashing again.
Dino Martini is my brother.
It's his car.
You call him up.
He'll get your car fixed.
But...
I'm late for work.
I'll get fired if I'm late.
Call me when you're available,
and we'll have some tea.
Okay, okay...
Thanks.
Back up, back up...
Go, go...
Bye, bye.
Who's that?
What do you want?
We're going for a ride.
To the police station?
You're not cops.
And I don't know you.
Where do you want to take me?
- Somewhere nice. Do as you're told.
- And if I don't?
If you don't, then we
will be very rude.
Let me go! Let me go!
Let's go!
Chasing the girl is more important!
Let's split up.
That's right, it's them.
You're not bad. When will you be
able to deliver them to me?
Wait, I've got a question to ask you.
Don't you trust me?
You hire me first,
then hire another gang to find the girl.
Who are those people?
I should be the one
asking that question.
They were quite nasty too.
I didn't hire another gang.
Then why...
Stay out of that.
Just don't let anybody
else capture Sylvia.
Staying out of that issue?
If you don't tell me,
I might end up dead
without knowing why.
I won't continue with this case.
Wait a minute!
I'm sorry for all your suffering.
But I can't be of much help.
I can only increase your fee.
How much time do you need
to think it over?
I need three seconds
to think it over.
One, two, three. I'll carry on.
That's good. May god bless you.
Thanks.
Why would Moby want
to invite us out clubbing?
He must be wanting a favour from us.
We'd better say no to whatever he asks.
Have a seat.
Can't say no to that.
True.
What would you like to drink?
Three glasses of beer,
one bottle of xo.
How's the fast-food
business lately?
Not good. It's worse than
being a waiter before.
Was my tip on the re-designing job of
your fast-food Van any good?
No, it's worse than before.
Has your father got
any better from his illness?
No, his condition is
worse than before.
Huh, when he got committed,
he was already chopping people...
Don't listen to him.
He's much better now.
That's good. Here's the beers.
Cheers to your father
for recovering soon.
We don't like this.
You don't have right to
say no to that. Cheers!
Our trick's not working.
There's still the
"mismatched answers" trick.
I need a favour from you guys.
I crashed into a girl's
car this morning.
No wonder the dog downstairs
gave birth to four puppies!
What does that have
to do with my accident?
So what does your accident
have anything to do with us?
Just let me finish first.
After I bumped into her car,
she gave me a card.
She said the car
belonged to her brother.
It still doesn't have
anything to do with us.
When I contacted the guy,
he said he had no sister.
And he claimed his car
was recently stolen.
When I described to him
how the girl looked like,
he said it sounded like
a girl you brought home yesterday.
Even so, it's still
none of our business.
That's right.
The girl gave me some money,
and asked me to give it to you.
She's actually returning
the money to us.
Not returning...
She asked me to give you it.
Giving?
She stole that money from us last night.
So you were her victims too.
Still none of your business?
Whatever!
Just give us the money.
Hey, that's not it.
She still hasn't given me your money.
I better go bust a move.
Me too.
Can you tell me where
she usually hangs around?
The door to her home.
Can you tell me what place
she goes to every day then?
Yes... the ladies' room.
Stop joking,
and tell me the truth.
The truth?
The truth is that we don't know.
Okay then,
pretend I never asked.
- Hey... don't be like that, okay?
- You just told us to pretend you didn't ask.
Oh yes, I did ask...
Don't be such jerks, please.
And we did answer you.
We really don't know.
Okay, this time I really mean it.
Pretend I never asked.
Some friends you are!
Refusing to help your own people!
We are all Chinese people.
Just some answers, and you refuse to help!
God knows what happens
if you had to be blood donors!
I can even hear myself.
How can you not hear me?
What?
Even the worst spaniards
are better than you!
What are you saying?
The speakers are too loud!
Can't hear you! Speak louder!
I said,
even the worst spaniards are...
Sorry, I'm out of line.
Great, guys!
Embarrassing me again...
Who do you think Sylvia really is?
A spaniard.
Bullshit!
I mean, why is she so wanted?
Because she's gorgeous.
Idiot!
She's not an idiot.
She's quite bright.
I meant you!
- Sylvia.
- David.
Long time no see. How are you?
Long time?
It's been less than 24 hours.
They're forcing me
against my will.
Hey pal, mind your manners to a lady.
Kicking? Kicking me?
What's up?
Ask them.
A girl stole my wallet.
These two are her accomplices.
Don't run!
Fooled by that girl again.
Don't trust anything she says from now on.
You better tell that to yourself.
I've never trusted her anyway.
Look at what she's gotten us into.
Easy now!
- It's you.
I came to thank you.
If it wasn't for you,
I'd be arrested already.
No need to thank us.
If we knew why they were after you,
we wouldn't have helped you.
Tell her not to go yet.
Weren't you saying...
Call her back.
Wait a minute.
We want to ask you something.
Do you mind coming up
and have a chat?
I was more afraid
you wouldn't ask me to.
Didn't you have
something to ask her?
I think you should
ask her instead.
- Me?
- Gol
I want...
I want to ask...
What you want to drink?
Red wine.
Okay, leave it to me.
Get straight to the point.
It's like this...
You slept here last night.
But this morning we
noticed that...
Noticed that...
The clothes were still here.
And the blanket was folded nicely.
Money... gone.
And gone were...
And gone were you.
- So then we knew you were gone.
- Okay, you take a rest. No need for you to ask.
David wanted to ask whether you
have stolen our money during the night?
Yes.
And you stole from those
men who chased you as well?
Yes.
Don't speak so rudely.
Speaking rudely? Then you ask.
There's no need for you to do that. With your
qualifications, you could honestly do...
What he meant to say is,
with your qualifications
you could honestly do a
lot better being a hooker.
I hate it the most when
people call me a hooker.
I earn a living with my brain,
not by selling my body.
Nobody can get me to bed
by offering me money.
He's the one asking.
I'm just the interpreter, miss.
I really didn't deserve this slap.
But... stealing is still wrong.
When I was 14 years old, my mum
was committed to the mental hospital.
From that moment,
I had to support myself.
Nobody would give
me any opportunity.
All the men I met...
No matter how things turned out,
they all ended up wanting
to take advantage of me.
You're probably right.
That's what he wanted at first, too.
Regarding these men,
I take it as giving them a lesson
by stealing their money.
Don't forget this lesson
next time you see pretty girls.
I already told you not
to get involved.
I'm not talking about you guys.
After tonight's happening,
I know you have good intentions.
I will give you back
the money as fast as I can.
Oh, I was just after
an explanation.
Pay him first when
you've got the money.
I'm not like him. He needs the money
to go back to Hong Kong to get married.
That's not true.
I was saving it for an emergency.
Oh, so it's spare money.
You'd better pay me first then.
Whatever.
Just make sure the money's legal.
Thomas also mentioned to me...
Your mum and my dad
are close friends.
How could we let you
go down the dark path?
Don't you agree?
Right.
But he's afraid that you
can't turn from your bad habits.
If there was another option...
Nobody would choose
a destructive lifestyle.
So what if you really
got another choice?
I would start all over again.
That's great.
Four-eyes, didn't you
say we're understaffed?
No, I didn't.
Oh yes, but...
He's afraid you won't last.
If you don't give me a chance,
how could you know that?
Okay, you'll get a 3 month trial,
then a raise after that.
The pedestrians on the road
are walking at a slow pace
yet I'm rushing with
all my strength
How would I have time
to be depressed
even if I accidentally
fall on the road,
I believe I have the strength
to stand back up
although it's a hard life,
I'll still be having a fresh smile
it's all about belief
no point in dreaming,
keep walking with strength
I'm getting closer to my dream
with faith I'm free
to pursue my dream
with you leading me,
I'll grow in confidence
I'm looking for myself
and replanting my roots
and with happiness, even if it
slipped away, I can still stand back up
I need to talk to you.
Come with me.
What are you doing?
- What do you want?
- Can you listen to me?
I'm not after my wallet.
I want to take you
to meet a person.
You'll benefit tremendously
from meeting this person.
Would you come?
Help!
Why are you calling for help?
I mean no harm at all.
I'm a private detective.
Just come with me and meet
this person, that's it.
Take it as doing a favour
for me, okay? Trust me.
If you come with me
and stop screaming,
I'll let you go, okay?
I've been deceiving
people since I was a kid.
You really think your shitty
tricks can deceive me?
Don't waste your time.
Where is it?
Over there.
Miss.
Don't come near me,
or I'll throw it at you.
Thank you.
Don't say I didn't
warn you guys.
Sylvia's in great danger.
If you don't trust me,
you'll regret it.
Let me borrow this.
- Where?
- Over there.
- What should we do now?
- Pack for the day.
Don't move!
Let me go!
Let her go!
Don't come near.
Come on.
Get in.
After them!
Why are you taking my car?
Stop...
Drive faster.
They're closing in.
I can't stand this.
Let her sit here then.
You wish! You sit back there!
Go!
Back off! Hurry, back off!
Are you out of your mind?
Driving like that?
Good thing I have a racing car,
otherwise I'd have been dead.
Be careful next time. Slow down.
It's a dead end!
Up the ramp.
Hang on!
You're great.
They aren't behind us anymore.
I know that.
But now they're in front of us.
Let's see if you have
guts to hit me.
Move over.
Time to taste my latest weapons.
Ready, aim, fire.
I'll have some fun too.
I'll let you taste some oil.
Have a taste of this gas bottle.
In addition to your gadget,
I'll add my ramp.
How is the situation?
The enemies are wiped out.
So many men,
and still you fail to grab the girl.
The only explanation
is that you are useless.
Morons!
What else can you
do besides eating?
You wasted six days for nothing.
Now we only have eight days left.
God created the world in six days.
Eight days should be more
than enough to grab a girl.
Whether I'm able to inherit
the count's legacy after eight days,
it will all depend on your effort.
- What do you...
- Who are those...
You first.
Who are those people?
Your turn.
You already said it.
It's not the first time
they tried to kidnap me.
That's true.
Moby?
You should have said something!
If I had a gun, you'd be dead already.
And I wouldn't
know how to dodge?
Those guys will keep
coming after Sylvia.
They'll continue
until they get her.
Who are they really?
Bad guys.
How do you know that?
- Because I'm the good guy.
- Tell me the whole story.
The story is simple,
but the situation is complicated.
There are two gangs involved.
The first gang are those guys.
The other gang consists
of only one person, which is me.
I'm officially looking for Sylvia.
Those guys would do
anything to kidnap her.
My reason for finding Sylvia,
is to deliver her to my client.
I don't know why they
want to kidnap her though.
Wow, hearing you speak
makes my ears itch.
Your explanation makes no sense.
But you should know
why your client wants me.
Yes, I should.
But since my client didn't
want to tell me the reason,
I really don't know
what I should have known.
Moby, the great detective.
Can you tell me something you do know?
There are at least
two things I know of.
Firstly, this place is dangerous.
Is there a gas leak here?
No... if you don't trust me,
there's nothing I can do.
Secondly, if Sylvia wants to know
why I came for her,
she better come with me
to meet my client.
There's one thing
I know as well.
What?
The world's most clueless
detective is present in my house.
You don't need to believe me,
but don't insult me.
It's not that we
don't believe you.
But how long have you actually
been a private detective?
Six days.
So you've not even received
your first paycheque.
If we believed you, it would
be an insult to our intelligence.
- Hey...
- Enough, no need to say more.
You didn't just insult me,
but you broke my heart as well.
Moby, keep blocking them.
Let's go.
- We'll leave from the balcony.
- Moby, we're leaving!
Even a tiger can't stop me.
Four-eyes, you go down first.
Come on.
Moby, let's go.
Hurry.
Chase them!
Why are we running?
They're trying to grab Sylvia.
It's not like we would
let them do that...
Don't we know how to fight back?
There's five or six of them!
Every time David and I fight,
there's always ten guys or more.
Including spectators?
Let me and four-eyes
prove ourselves.
Stay with Sylvia.
- Tough guys!
- Simply super-tough!
So let's go!
Come on...
What is this place?
I believe it's the
headquarters of filth.
This is a dead end.
We better head back.
What should we do now?
Find a place to hide.
Who's got a torch?
I've got one.
You better switch it
off and save the battery.
Take a careful look at everyone.
It really stinks here.
I know that. Just be patient.
They're not over here.
They clearly entered this place.
Search again.
What a relief...
I can't stand this anymore.
You have to, or else
we'll be in big trouble.
Ugh, it's so smelly,
I can't stand it any more!
It's the fatso!
You're so incompetent!
You've ruined everything!
Run!
There's a cash donation over here!
Come and get it!
Move over!
- They can't be too far away.
- After them!
What do you want?
I'll be happy to help.
I'm glad to hear that.
How can I help you?
Someone hired us to push you down.
You can do it yourself.
Have you got the wrong man?
No.
Who hired you?
I did.
It's you?
You asked people to kidnap me.
So I can also ask people to make
you play Superman. Push him down.
Don't! Don't!
Help! Help!
Please don't! Help!
Listen to me...
I'm your father...
He's your father?
You're my father?
No... I'm not your father.
I'm your father's Butler.
You'd better tell me
the whole story.
Your father is count lobas.
Gloria was working in his
home 20 years ago.
One night, when the
countess was not around, he...
Raped her?
And, after Gloria got pregnant,
he was afraid the countess would know.
So he sent Gloria away.
Bastard!
Hey, he's still your father...
I hate him.
I don't ever want to see him.
You father is already dead.
Before his death, he begged the countess
to search for you and your mother.
He didn't want his wicked brother
mondale to inherit the legacy.
I didn't disclose the reason
for your safety.
I even hired a private detective
to help track you down.
Luckily Moby is not here.
Who said so?
I'm always the unlucky one. No one ever
tells me the things I want to know.
And for the things I don't want to hear,
a light switch on the radio reveals it all.
I chose the right man
for the job after all.
According to family tradition, Gloria and
Sylvia have to appear within 14 days.
Otherwise, the count's brother
mondale will inherit everything.
The ones who tried to kidnap Sylvia
must be connected to mondale.
We still have three days.
Where are you going?
In the past, we helped Sylvia because
we thought that she had no one.
But since she's the daughter of a count,
it's no longer our business.
So what you're saying is...
If Sylvia's an orphan,
then she would be suitable for you.
And you would take her
everywhere you went.
But now she's the count's daughter,
you're leaving her on her own?
We really wanted to help her.
Don't you know now's
the time she needs help the most?
Don't you want them
to have better lives?
Of course we want that,
but she has you already.
I'm just one man.
You've seen mondale's men.
There are only a few days left.
They won't give up without a fight.
If you're still her friends,
would you leave her at a time like this?
Enough. Say any more and
we'll have to jump in embarrassment.
Let's think of a way
to save her mum.
What are you looking at, bitch?
I'll chop you!
Don't come over!
If you do, I'll chop youl!
- Drop the knife.
- Don't come over!
Let me go!
What are you doing? Let me go!
- Don't be nervous, relax now.
- Don't tie me up, let me go!
Done.
Let me go.
Release you? People will blame me
if they find out. Lie down on the bed.
Turn off the siren.
My mum and your uncle
are dancing over there.
What's up?
Your dad and her mum
are dancing over there.
There's a crazy guy here.
His mouth is moving...
Is he eating or speaking?
I hate guessing games.
I'm not crazy, my friend.
I'm a normal person.
Please loosen the straps.
Are you really as
normal as we are?
Yes.
Then test him with a quiz.
Okay, listen carefully.
There are three worms in a straight line.
They're moving forward.
The front worm says:
"I have two worms behind me."
The last worm says:
"There are two worms in front of me."
The middle worm says: "There are
no worms in front of or behind me."
Do you know why?
The middle worm is blind.
No.
Then I don't know.
Why did you give him
such a difficult quiz?
Is it too difficult?
Indeed it is.
Why would the middle worm say: "There are
no worms in front of or behind me"?
Because the middle worm is lying!
How can worms lie?
You're pulling his leg.
Ignore him.
Why are you tied up here?
It's a secret, I shouldn't
tell too many people.
Come here,
and I'll whisper it to you.
Don't tell other people.
That's it.
So you tell me, shouldn't I
pretend to be crazy?
What did he tell you?
He said not to tell other people.
Am I other people?
What did he tell you?
As I said, he said not
to tell other people.
Still not telling me?
You always hit me!
I'll kill you!
Hey, hey!
Damn, this time
my plan backfired.
What did you actually
tell him, pal?
Why should I tell you?
If you tell me, I'll untie you,
I don't trust you.
You promised to tell me.
I was telling him not to
tell other people. Understand?
What is it actually
that cannot be told?
Why should we leave
such a good environment?
Why are you still here?
Let's go.
Where to?
My mum doesn't want to leave uncle chen.
And he doesn't want to leave either.
Tell your dad you
are going to marry Sylvia.
And that he needs to help
with the wedding arrangement.
Don't lie to elderly
people about such things.
Well, if we add a bit of truth,
it might work.
Sweet talk him into leaving first.
I'll tell him.
Uncle chen, since you like Gloria
so much, why not leave here and marry her?
That's right.
Why haven't I thought of that?
How can you say that?
Are you objecting?
No.
So no objections?
Gloria, would you marry me?
It took so long for you to ask.
I was getting quite upset.
Congratulations, uncle chen.
From now on you are
brother and sister. Happy?
Why so quiet? Aren't you happy?
Call him brother.
Yes, brother.
Don't worry. I've got an idea.
When we're out of here,
you disown your father.
Clever, right?
We've done it, finally.
Why is there a bulldozer there?
Yeah, why?
So you want me to release the pedals, put on
handbrake, turn off engine, open the door,
get off the car, go check it out,
then come back and tell you?
You could just have asked
me to go. So many words...
What's the matter?
You damn fatso, such a small
task and still you get in trouble.
Moby?
Are you okay?
Not really.
Why did you hit my son?
Let me go!
Shut up!
Drive the bulldozer away.
Why are you still
not reversing the bulldozer?
I don't have the key.
- Then come down and push it.
- Okay.
Why don't you come
down and show me?
The Butler is right,
it's not difficult to enter the castle.
It's difficult if you
want to enter unnoticed.
Let's go.
If you want to get in,
I have at least seven ways.
Why such an odd number,
and not six or eight?
Seven is my lucky number.
If your way works,
one way is enough.
Let's go from the back.
There are lots of guards at the front,
but even tigers have to sleep.
I'm going in from the front.
It's quite dangerous at the front.
- Who will you follow?
None of your ways suit me.
We've all got different opinions,
like a bunch of sand grains dissolving.
Actually, it's not a bunch since
each of us is only one grain of sand.
Why are you so lousy?
Go down now
if you have the guts, kid.
You're right...
Knowing that I got no guts.
How are you
planning on going in?
Through the front gates.
There is a guard there.
We'll wait for an opportunity.
Keep waiting like this,
and it will be dawn soon.
Let's climb the tree.
Have you seen an
elephant climb a tree?
Then you keep waiting.
Stop playing. Be more alert.
Let's eat.
You're overthinking it.
If I made that spin with the ball,
it would have been a home run.
Let's hide the men.
I have some good news for you.
Someone is here to save you.
But I also have bad news for you.
We've already caught him.
Move!
Hi, how are you?
Don't be rude to our guest.
Give your seat to him.
Thank you.
Cheers...
- What now?
- Let's go home and sleep.
Are you kidding?
We should find a way to save them.
You know the answer,
so why still ask me?
Come up.
Up? Up yours maybe!
You think I'm as agile as you?
Find another way, then.
It's me.
I knew it.
You knew, and you still kicked?
Since you didn't scream when I kicked,
I knew it was you.
Hey, you make me nervous.
Let's split up.
What are you doing up there?
Are you here for the party?
Yes.
I told you not to follow me!
You almost spoilt everything.
Fix that guy!
Let's go to the party.
The dress really suits
your graceful walk.
Do you mean that I look classy?
Sit down, mum.
Yeah, I'm a bit hungry.
Set another place.
We still have one more guest.
Since you are here...
Why don't you show yourself
in a proper manner?
Ladies and gentlemen,
I'm sorry for being late.
What's the main course tonight?
Roast lamb.
I was born in the year of the sheep!
No wonder I'm so sheepish
in every way tonight.
I'm happy to welcome
you all tonight.
I feel very honoured.
Tonight is an important occasion.
This evening is a great shame
to the lobas family.
The family's greatest shame
is having you two as part of it.
Why do you need to be so angry?
Mr. mondale, if people find out that
you've been holding them here by force,
it'll affect your reputation.
Thank you for reminding me.
I know what to do now.
I don't think it's a problem,
because...
Cardi, take good
care of them for me...
Yes.
Send the girls to the dungeon.
I haven't finished my soup yet.
Where are you taking me?
Shut up.
The great general is here!
Stand the pain.
He's not that powerful.
You take care of him.
I'll help the other side.
Come on!
Come, come.
I'll deal with him.
You go and save the girls.
Can you really handle him?
Not really, you better handle him.
Fight!
I block, block, block...
Dirty trick... stabbing my back?
This guy's quite powerful.
Don't be nervous, relax.
Pretend it's a training session.
One more time.
Wait.
One, two, three, four.
Two, two, three, four...
Tickle, tickle...
You're good.
Hit me.
Shouldn't aim too high
when one is not ready for it.
Wow, this punch was powerful.
If you've got the guts,
pull me up for another round.
Don't let go, pal.
Pull me up, please.
- You're still not finished fighting?
- I was waiting for you two.
The three musketeers.
Nothing is impossible.
Let's get him at the top.
Get him at the bottom.
Precise and coordinated attack.
And we're invincible.
Hi.
How are you?
What would you like, miss?
One hamburger and a coke.
Have a seat over there.
Be happy, brother.
It's not healthy to be lovesick.
Prepare this order.
David, come out.
- What's up?
- Look.
Nice of you to visit us.
I'm here to look for a job.
Would you hire me for the summer?
Of course.
You probably wish that this
summer will never end.
Hi, how are you?
How's it going,
great unlicensed detective?
Hold it. I just got my
international detective membership.
I'm qualified now.
Congratulations.
Do you want to
expand your business?
Do another assignment with me,
and I can give you 20 fastfood vans.
Another castle?
No, it's a hut.
That's easy? Who are we saving?
It's an African president.
He's been kidnapped
by some cannibals in Africa.
Cannibals!
Someone's looking for you.
The pedestrians on the road
are walking at a slow pace
yet I'm rushing with
all my strength
How would I have time
to be depressed
even if I accidentally
fall on the road,
I believe I have the strength
to stand back up
although it's a hard life,
I'll still be having a fresh smile
it's all about belief
no point in dreaming,
keep walking with strength
I'm getting closer to my dream
with faith I'm free
to pursue my dream
with you leading me,
I'll grow in confidence
I'm looking for myself
and replanting my roots
and with happiness, even if it
slipped away, I can still stand back up